RNN Model trained on Charles Fort's Book of the Damned
Vocabulary: Tender Buttons, Gertrude Stein

r is that we call the sun was a man of stone wedding and some of them as to say that they were mission. We have another work at all. That it was not a special mind, and that they were of a similar store, was writing, or that the whole said to have failing and start cross the sky by St. J. S.S. Mean. And. This _This thing _Tidine of May (_La Sp. Some of these feeling of the sun. This thing was seen a little all of water from the sky, and the faint and a committee from a carved stone from Some of them are all that we call it. There are to discharg thing that is not so much of the season who did not be of a man, and that they were not fish and the state of an outrage had far-distance of the sun. I thing was a magnifice in the _An. Se Car. Roo. Some of these fish on the sky to the frantic thing was seen in the sky, and the precise flat different from another astonishing that had been seen to far back. They are so many of them as to say that they are other worst of all position for the same state, or to be interpretation of the unio. It is only a real example to this early and about the size of a man, or that had been a faint from another far-distance and the same strange. The failing from the sun, when they fell in the sky that it was not so much as a whole, if we have any other table--if anything else. If you writing of indication. The writing of this early in the _Rep. Book of these Read, _The Act. Make (_Lit. of Sea_, who had not far as to be real, send, or a little concentrating the sun, at a confusing of the stream of a substance that had far-distance of the other word of a stone from the Satur Trust, when they subject. One lime fell at Careful China, Inter-continuous near the Book, Startling, and the stranger in the _Rep. Book of And. Sea of the Suppose of the Room; "_Lit. As of the Blind. They are strong an ancient depot. It was not a single called "f"-nine." It is said that the discolor can be real things, and then the stone of St. Let. (_Price, of the Bid of one of the courteous. They are so many of these formerly substance that had been seen to far back. So, in the _Rep. Book of And. He say; that they are some other word of a substance that fell at Single explanation, said to have failing and silk and a far-distance from the sky. There is nothing to those who have to be a real example little strength. It is not only that there is nothing to be the faint and all the sun was as any other table--if anything that we call the sun, but the same strange, and then the discolor defiance of the season black rain of a pond of a substance that had been seen to far back. They are of the damp. It is only a metal that is not to look like a piece of coal that had been done and some of them as to say that the whole substance is that all the subject of One recognition of this early in the _An. Se Chinam--that is the same state. The read and the same stream, and the other way, there is nothing to defiance of the sun. This thing was seen in the sky, and then the date as any other work as the stranger of the failing from the sky; that they were description of the sun, but the shadow of the sun, but the size of a shower of higher apple of a pond of a store, was called a small part of the sun. It was a strange stone far more than that are substance that had been seen to far back failing, and then the Suppose of the Suppose (_Lit. of Sea_, F.F. Sea Come carria. The writing of the Sing. As to a corre. Sti. As of the Blind. He say that there is nothing to be a real and art, that would have been a little an attention to the sun, and there are all things are only another astonish down by the account of a substance that had been under the size of a man, and and over and over the sun should say, we are tol. It is said that the substance that had been seen to far away. It would be a real example to the rest of a substance that had been seen to far a little attention to the state of the moon. In the _And. South Act. returning to the _And. So of the Black rain of May (_La St. Pea. Read, who, when they were not of the same store. We can seen to face of sand from a committee. It was not so much of the same strange, and there is nothing to a little and subject. It is only a recognition of all the substance that had been a little an attention to the sun. This thing was seen in the sky. It is out of them all that we can be instant translate them. I have notion of all things are only another asparagu-excess that the size of a hair--and that they were not made by the snail, but the size of a substance that had been strings of the sun. This was "f. Hold was "f. August had been found in a store. The first hear of the R.A.S._, F.b., Just, who had found a store. The substance that had been strings of the two present or discolor that had been a substance that fell at Bargain, the substance that had been seen to far back, and they failing all the store. The substance that had been found in a store, was seen by M. La.C. Hold. Sup. of St. Since the